readme.md, before:

# Learn Crux Datalog Today

_Learn Crux Datalog Today_ is derived from the classic [learndatalogtoday.org](http://learndatalogtoday.org) tutorial materials, but adapted to focus on the [Crux](https://opencrux.com) API and unique Datalog semantics.

## Quickstart

* Read the tutorial: https://nextjournal.com/learn-crux-datalog-today/learn-crux-datalog-today
* Try online: https://nextjournal.com/try/learn-crux-datalog-today/learn-crux-datalog-today

## Installation

The easiest way to go through the tutorial is with either the "Read" or "Try" links presented in the Quickstart.
However, if you want to install the Markdown file from scratch, you can follow these instructions.
The outcome will be the same.

1. Create a new account on [Nextjournal](https://nextjournal.com).
2. Download [master.md](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crux-labs/learn-crux-datalog-today/master/master.md).
3. Click "+ NEW" to create a new notebook on the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard).
4. At the bottom of the page, choose "Import: Select a Markdown file to import" and upload `master.md` you downloaded in Step 2.
Do not use "Import from a (GitHub) URL" -- it will not work.
5. Once imported, scroll down to the EDN block which begins with `{:deps ...` under "Runtime Setup".
Hover your cursor over this EDN block and an ellipsis ("...") will appear on the lefthand side.
Click the ellipsis.
Choose "Assign Name" and enter `deps.edn`.
6. Open the Clojure Runtime Settings by clicking "Runtimes: Clojure" in the lefthand sidebar.
Scroll down to "Mounts" and click "+ Add mount".
Select `deps.edn`.
Click "Save changes and start" in the dialog that appears at the top.

You can now try the tutorial!
Use the "Run All" button at the top or the "Run Cell" buttons beside each Clojure snippet to execute the samples.

## Re-installation (for maintainers)

To reinstall the tutorial: Treat this GitHub repository as the golden store. Make edits to the Markdown file in
GitHub, then reimport the entire notebook using the following instructions.

1. Log in as the `learn-crux-datalog-today` Nextjournal user (ask @deobald, @refset, or @johantonelli for creds)
2. Go to the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard)
3. Open the "Share" dialog (in the upper-right):
   1. Select "Notebook Visibility: Private"
   2. Select "Edit Slug" and change the slug to a name like `learn-crux-datalog-today-old-05` so it won't collide with the notebook you are about to import.
   3. Select "Published Version: Unpublish this notebook..."
7. Edit the title of the document to `"Learn Crux Datalog Today - Old05"` or something similar so it's easy to identify
in the list of archived notebooks.
8. Refresh the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard). You should see `"Learn Crux Datalog Today - Old05"`
in the list. Select "Actions: Archive". (At present, you cannot completely delete a notebook.)
9. Follow the `"Installation"` instructions above, with the following additional steps from the "Share" dialog:
   1. Select "Notebook Visibility: Public"
   2. Select "Edit Slug" and change the slug to `learn-crux-datalog-today`
   3. Select "Publish Changes"
10. Check to make sure the public URLs in the `"Quickstart"` work correctly.

## Copyright & License

[Eclipse Public License - Version 1.0](https://github.com/crux-labs/learn-crux-datalog-today/blob/master/LICENSE.html)

© 2013 - 2016 Jonas Enlund

Thank you Jonas and contributors for freely licensing your excellent materials!

Commit message:

Updating License to MIT
Permission to sublicence granted by Jonas Enlund in writing and
available upon request.

readme.md, after:

# Learn Crux Datalog Today

_Learn Crux Datalog Today_ is derived from the classic [learndatalogtoday.org](http://learndatalogtoday.org) tutorial materials, but adapted to focus on the [Crux](https://opencrux.com) API and unique Datalog semantics.

## Quickstart

* Read the tutorial: https://nextjournal.com/learn-crux-datalog-today/learn-crux-datalog-today
* Try online: https://nextjournal.com/try/learn-crux-datalog-today/learn-crux-datalog-today

## Installation

The easiest way to go through the tutorial is with either the "Read" or "Try" links presented in the Quickstart.
However, if you want to install the Markdown file from scratch, you can follow these instructions.
The outcome will be the same.

1. Create a new account on [Nextjournal](https://nextjournal.com).
2. Download [master.md](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crux-labs/learn-crux-datalog-today/master/master.md).
3. Click "+ NEW" to create a new notebook on the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard).
4. At the bottom of the page, choose "Import: Select a Markdown file to import" and upload `master.md` you downloaded in Step 2.
Do not use "Import from a (GitHub) URL" -- it will not work.
5. Once imported, scroll down to the EDN block which begins with `{:deps ...` under "Runtime Setup".
Hover your cursor over this EDN block and an ellipsis ("...") will appear on the lefthand side.
Click the ellipsis.
Choose "Assign Name" and enter `deps.edn`.
6. Open the Clojure Runtime Settings by clicking "Runtimes: Clojure" in the lefthand sidebar.
Scroll down to "Mounts" and click "+ Add mount".
Select `deps.edn`.
Click "Save changes and start" in the dialog that appears at the top.

You can now try the tutorial!
Use the "Run All" button at the top or the "Run Cell" buttons beside each Clojure snippet to execute the samples.

## Re-installation (for maintainers)

To reinstall the tutorial: Treat this GitHub repository as the golden store. Make edits to the Markdown file in
GitHub, then reimport the entire notebook using the following instructions.

1. Log in as the `learn-crux-datalog-today` Nextjournal user (ask @deobald, @refset, or @johantonelli for creds)
2. Go to the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard)
3. Open the "Share" dialog (in the upper-right):
   1. Select "Notebook Visibility: Private"
   2. Select "Edit Slug" and change the slug to a name like `learn-crux-datalog-today-old-05` so it won't collide with the notebook you are about to import.
   3. Select "Published Version: Unpublish this notebook..."
7. Edit the title of the document to `"Learn Crux Datalog Today - Old05"` or something similar so it's easy to identify
in the list of archived notebooks.
8. Refresh the [Nextjournal Dashboard](https://nextjournal.com/dashboard). You should see `"Learn Crux Datalog Today - Old05"`
in the list. Select "Actions: Archive". (At present, you cannot completely delete a notebook.)
9. Follow the `"Installation"` instructions above, with the following additional steps from the "Share" dialog:
   1. Select "Notebook Visibility: Public"
   2. Select "Edit Slug" and change the slug to `learn-crux-datalog-today`
   3. Select "Publish Changes"
10. Check to make sure the public URLs in the `"Quickstart"` work correctly.


## Copyright & License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2013 - 2021 Jonas Enlund

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


## Thank You

Thank you Jonas and contributors for freely licensing your excellent materials!
